Add Canals Overview article (#221)
deepset-ai/haystack-home: content/blog/canals-a-new-concept-of-pipeline/index.md

Just as railways are excellent at going from A to B when you only need to take a few well-known routes and never another, highways are unbeatable at reaching every possible destination with the same effort, even though they need a driver for each wagon. A "highway" Pipeline requires more work from the Components' side, but it frees them to go wherever they need to with a precision that a "railway" pipeline cannot accomplish.

## The Pipeline Structure of Haystack 2.0

> By design, pipelines in Haystack 2.0 is not geared toward specific NLP use cases, but it's a minimal, generic [ETL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load)-like library written purely in Python.

Author: Still references a library here:
```suggestion
By design, pipelines in Haystack 2.0 is not geared toward specific NLP use cases, but it's a minimal, generic [ETL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load)-like class.
```

> The new pipelines brings two core elements to the table:

Author: Given that Pipeline is one of the two concepts below, let's change this to

```suggestion
At its core, Haystack 2.0 brings two elements to the table:
```
